At the heart of the Middle East lie the lands where Jesus walked.
What lessons do they hold for our life today?
We thought we had a happy life, but when we learned the truth, the Jehovah showed us
that true happiness comes from serving him.
The brothers and sisters and men are always no distractions I have, but Jehovah does.
He not only cares for our physical needs, he also cares for our feelings.
We are pleased to announce the requirement will now be 600 hours per year.
He paved a way for me to be able to pioneer even though I thought that it would never
be possible.
The good news transforms lives, it gives us meaning.
Where would we be without the good news?